Your college electives were all fine arts.
The electives are all fine arts.
They all chose art. Your college is very beautiful.
Why did they all choose art?
Thank you for your awareness. Who knows?
Maybe it was a premonition that the future was so far away,
So I wanted to get to know him in advance. You are a little less,
Anticipate future abilities, miss opportunities and recognize them in advance.
Blame me, are the elective courses in our school good?
Not bad, what did you study and practice at that time?
I, um,
Ah crowd management
Running materials and ancient pictures
Is it related to merit or something?
Still a little unhappy
If I had known earlier, I would have chosen something related to biology. I would have regretted it.
I regret it I regret it
My eldest son will be cleared
Since Madam regrets so much
Then why don't I take another pronunciation test?
Take Huaqing Biology Exam